Add walnascar security manual (#455)
phytec/doc-bsp-yocto: source/security/kirkstone-sec.rst

.. _secure-boot-kirkstone:
.. include:: common/secure-boot.rsti

There are two different Yocto classes for creation of a signed FIT-image.

> * PHYTEC ``sources/meta-phytec/classes/fitimage.bbclass``

Reviewer: Check enumeration and bullet list indentation:

```suggestion
*  PHYTEC ``sources/meta-phytec/classes/fitimage.bbclass``
```

Author: I would like to leave this as is because this is not new content. It has just moved.

Author: I could not find the need for two spaces in the documentation. https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#lists-and-quote-like-blocks

Reviewer: This is a convention of doc-bsp-yocto, rather than a hard necessity by Sphinx/reStructuredText.

Reviewer: I'm fine with fixing this in a separate PR.

   * With FIT-image recipes you can define custom, more refined FIT-images.
   * Example for FIT-image recipes are in ``sources/meta-ampliphy/recipes-images/fitimage/``
   * To create custom FIT-image, you need to specify some variables in the
     recipe:

>       * FITIMAGE_SLOTS: Use this to list all slot classes for which the

Reviewer: Use inline code:
```suggestion
      * ``FITIMAGE_SLOTS``: Use this to list all slot classes for which the
```

Author: I would like to leave this as is because this is not new content. It has just moved.

        FIT-image should contain images. A value of "kernel fdt fdtapply",
        for example, will create a manifest with images for two slot classes -
        kernel and devicetree.

>       * FITIMAGE_SLOT_<slotclass>: For each slot class, set this to the image

Reviewer: Consider using definition lists for this section: https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html#definition-lists

        (recipe) name which builds the artifact you intend to place in the slot
        class.
      * FITIMAGE_SLOT_<slotclass>[type]: For each slot class, set this to the
        type of image you intend to place in this slot. Possible types are the
        kernel, fdt, fdto, fdtapply, or ramdisk.
      * FITIMAGE_SLOT_<slotclass>[file]: For slot type kernel, fdt, fdt0 and
        fdtapply set this to the file of the image you intend to place in this
        slot.
      * FITIMAGE_SLOT_<slotclass>[fstype]: For slot type ramdisk, set this to
        the filesystem type of image you intend to place in this slot.
      * FITIMAGE_SLOT_<slotclass>[name]: For slot type fdtapply, set this to
        the final device tree and configuration name.

* Poky ``sources/poky/meta/classes-recipe/kernel-fitimage.bbclass``

   * This is the standard upstream FIT-image class in Yocto mainly for u-boot,
     which builts one FIT-image with initramfs and without initramfs.

Initially, the PHYTEC FIT-image class was used to create the FIT-images, because

> it supports barebox and u-boot and you can define more refined FIT-images.

Reviewer: For normal text: s/u-boot/U-Boot/

Author: I'll add a separate commit to fix this for all security related docs.

retained during an update.

Setup Secure Storage on your Device
-----------------------------------

The filesystem encryption ensures the target has a unique key or an equal key
per device.

The filesystem encryption process flow:

* The filesystem encryption key is generated and stored encrypted with CAAM,
  TEE, or TPM.
* Encryption is initialized.
* The partition is formatted.
* Data is copied to the encrypted partition.

First Boot
..........

From a high-level point of view, an eMMC device is like an SD card. Therefore,
it is possible to flash the image phytec-provisioning-image
from the Yocto build system directly to the SD card. The image contains the
signed bootloader and signed FIT-image with an initramfs.

If your filesystem is not initialized, is damaged, or the key blob is deleted,
then you can reinstall the encrypted filesystem with the following instructions.

* Boot the phytec-provisioning-image from the SD card or load the provisioning
  fitImage with tftp to the memory in the bootloader
* The device stops with the following message because there is no encrypted key
  stored in the folder ``/mnt/config/secrets``:

> The default user is root with the password root:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default user is ``root`` with the password ``root``:
```

.. note::

>    If there is no login in 60s, then the system goes to power off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If there is no login after 60s, the system powers down.
```
